back to narrating about you lot are low
so happy I'm less so but here we are
till do some waiting for you and I have
done I don't lie i stick very much to my
word as you may something start screen
there you since we're very different to
usual six ludicolo soon my respect to
mirror be and this was a past that i've
made quite a bit in advance but i've
been trying to tweak it in bits and
pieces to see if it works and what not
and on the whole it does so here we are
now as with the case with new passes i 2
i'm finding out how to get this to work
to its best to its potential so the
occasional mistakes this should be there
when there isn't blah blah blah and will
face the battle now as you know i don't
think we need any more explanation
fake-out is obvious as on you know on a
ludicolo lead it has that to you so you
might as well use it not many pokemon do
really so yeah that's right and the the
fake-out user is a toxic staller as well
because it covers for them any potential
walls such as I don't know blissey
coming in when I might not be fully
suited to it in the main hydrant hurts
it hurts a lot on the reason a conf
hydro pump over surf is because brute
force is quite often the best way to win
with ludicolo in the vein and the reason
I use Brick Break they're rather than
toxic on the taifa lotions because i was
expecting your option to turn up and i
want to lower the bass power more simply
simple as that and the sp1 comes out and
because i saw the right to die and the
SP on doesn't have much better defenses
I think it's a base 95 in special
defense and they 65 in health I'm
thinking I can take it down as well so I
use hydro pump again I think I do decide
to talk to the typhlosion this turn
which may have not been the best
decision well boy will says is that the
Brick Break that's on that leave the
colo is probably get changed because a
tight coverage like I thought it would
bring is not as useful as I'd hoped not
sure what i'll change it to yet we'll
see but you know it's kids quite beefy
that one really no toques is taller so
it takes the flame phone with ease
especially considering in training which
always helped i don't know how they've
done that typhlosion this used to hit
quite hard even in the very
in so I assume it's pretty offensively
biased like most I'll online so I'm its
terms and I'm not bothered by at all
even with the Yash it'll boy go down
even though ice beam doesn't get any
sort of boost in the conditions I don't
think this one does and I didn't try and
over predict I didn't think we might
switch double switch maniacally can and
you know I thought I was not going to
just protect I didn't think how stuff
trainer that would use potatoes I went
for it out for the best well I didn't
I've been killed no y ash I don't know
why I thought was obviously wasn't a
sash which is something I've seen
sometimes see i use dresses too because
I can really the toxic will do is damage
for me and brit rate as you saw from the
first time debugger all still raining
toxic takes effect now unfortunately
this bit goes a bit downhill from what
we've seen so far luckily I haven't got
a choice item on the main version so i
can switch to my hydro pump again but it
misses which yeah was a bit because it
then used my brick break combined with
the toxic that's going to come just in a
few seconds there means it's now in to
blaze territory and the vein stops it's
going to outspeed me and i was thinking
this person is not too bad and I
thinking well there's no signs of a noob
until that happens which does kill me
which you would expect blaze it's not
varying anymore that hurt a lot slight
setting you sombrero on fire but the
energy ball takes it out and there's the
debut didn't go too badly and I'll show
you that he goes tits up in places
elsewhere later talk to you then